style: apply /style-guide pass to models/automations (#2684)
wandb/docs: models/automations/view-automation-history.mdx

---

<Note>
Automation execution history is available on W&B Multi-tenant Cloud, W&B Dedicated Cloud, and W&B Self-Managed v0.75.0 and later.
</Note>

This page describes how to view and understand the execution history of your W&B [automations](/models/automations). Execution history shows what triggered an automation, what actions ran, and whether they succeeded or failed. Reviewing automation history helps you confirm that automations run as expected, troubleshoot failures, and audit which events triggered downstream actions.

Each executed automation generates a record that includes:
- **Execution timestamp**: When the automation triggered.
- **Triggering event**: The specific event that triggered the automation.
- **Status**: The execution's status. See [Execution status](#execution-status).
- **Action details**: Information about which action ran, such as notifying a Slack channel or running a webhook.
- **Result details**: Additional information, if any, about the final outcome of the automation, including the error for a failed execution.

> Automation history is available for both registry-scoped and project-scoped automations. Select the **Registry** or **Project** tab for instructions on viewing automation history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automation history is available for both registry-scoped and project-scoped automations. Select the **Registry** or **Project** tab for detailed instructions.
```

Author: Applied in 4992e00.

<Tabs>
<Tab title="Registry">
1. Navigate to your registry by clicking **Registry** in the project sidebar.

> 1. Select your registry from the list.

Reviewer: Nit: Remove second-step stuff from the first step. First you're going to Registry, then you're selecting the specific registry.

Author: Applied in 4992e00 — step 1 is now `Click **Registry** in the project sidebar.` with selection in step 2.

> 1. View the registry's automations in the **Automations** tab. Click the **Last execution** timestamp to view the execution history details. Use the search bar to filter by automation name, and sort by the last triggered date to find recently executed automations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the **Automations** tab, which lists the registry's automations. Click the **Last execution** timestamp to view the execution history details. Use the search bar to filter by automation name, and sort by the last triggered date to find recently executed automations.
```

Author: Applied in 4992e00.

1. View the registry's automation executions in reverse chronological order in the **Automations history** tab, including the event, action, and status. Click an execution timestamp to view details about a particular execution.

<Tip>If a collection has associated automation executions, the icon ![Collection automation execution symbol, a circle with a right-pointing arrow](/images/automations/collection-automation-execution-icon.png) displays, along with the number of associated executions.</Tip>
</Tab>
<Tab title="Project">

> 1. Click the **Automations** tab in the project sidebar. The project's automations display. Click the **Last execution** timestamp to view the execution history details. Use the search bar to filter by automation name, and sort by the last triggered date to find recently executed automations.

Reviewer: Some of the suggestions for Registry above could also apply to this section.

Author: Applied parallel restructure to the Project tab in 4992e00 — added `Navigate to your project.` as step 1 and rewrote step 2 to follow the same pattern as the Registry tab.
